hi friends my name is khan i am a student
by juan domínguez and I'm from chile
Starting a business is like submitting to
a great physical effort to what is
called an exercise at high intervals
intensity is sure there is a lot of pain
As the times you lose is the money
that you invested, there is a desire to give up
like when customers and the
opportunity does not appear and when training
in front of other people there is fear of
embarrassment of failing they also work
many hours and well is the contact and the
admiration of his family but if the
person is constant with this
training is going to look and it's going to
feel stronger more secure will have
self-confidence and much more
energy then the one that is
committed can be your own boss
will win the constant challenges that
exist when undertaking and will enjoy together
to your beloved ones of a better quality
of life thank you Juan Dominguez because
you have taught a system with strategies
and effective to invest in the stock
values ​​I started searching the internet
technical stock exchange analysis and
I found several that offered formats
face-to-face and online the one that called me the
attention was the page of Juan Domínguez
so I started reading your page and request
the free 30 day course while
I spent that time compares prices of
courses the types of analysis the system
they offered and then support everything
what I was learning incorporating
in an investment portfolio contest
of the Santiago de Chile stock exchange- which
can occupy the track for analysis
technical was how I realized that the
Juan Dominguez's system was very
superior to everything I had found
that were more classic systems then I
I decided to take the Juan course
Dominguez and here I had absolutely
Of course that was what I was looking for was a
Sophisticated model to learn to
investing in the stock market also helped me
much have played cash flows 101 202
by robert kiyosaki
and the book rich father poor father of
same author who helped me understand
the levels of the investors and the
Contexts that a person must have
educated financially then
request an interview with Juan
Dominguez to manifest my
commitment to the course was as well as
we chat because once on Skype and
I realized that the course was much more
that only that was assistance a support
complete and for life to become
in stock market technical analyst
professional investor in the stock market
values ​​of usa a great
opportunity to the days after
Acquire the course making the payment by
paypal easy and fast and immediately I
I call Juan Dominguez to congratulate me and
welcome me to invite me
connect to my user page give
a tour show you the modules of courses
the tools and formulas and the
details to start like this was how
to start by studying the course at my own pace
and in the knowledge that I could is fabulous
I contact the videos every time
I need
you can see them as many times as you want
I recommend constantly reviewing
modules since in this way they will
paying attention to details that before
you did not listen and you will know what it means
as you will gain experience when going
practicing that is the best
you learn by doing all the theory the
begins to apply almost immediately a
Once you have the necessary software
all the promises that Juan Dominguez
they make their videos about the
university had the 'street has
fulfilled they are always connected
by skype and be able to solve any
doubt they advised me in the correct
download configuration of these
exact headquarters advised me in the
opening of the account with the broker of
stock market in the USA and in creating the
virtual account for the period of
simulation and training in addition to
course is not just the videos juan
Dominguez gives you more tools to
As you progress in the analysis and
you acquire experiences
I'm proud to belong to the
university had to street to be a student
of Juan Dominguez and grateful for the
vision of teaching to fish and not to
give away the fish that has juan besides
I admire your determination and commitment to
share this valuable information already
that not everyone would teach chickens and
puts golden eggs can confirm that
next to Juan Dominguez is his
wife mari now that is your assistant and
he is also someone very crucial with
patience and experience needed to
help the student in each stage of the course
I was able to confirm that the system
it works and that also opens a door
in which behind there is a world full of
opportunities to gain potential
huge to be taken advantage of at
maximum must be faced with capacity
and balance and that's what Juan
teaches I recommend 100% the university you
Tri vouchers for all those
committed to their future I leave you
invited to visualize their goals
imagine conquering
investments I invite you to achieve your
dreams to transform your life and enjoy
of the freedom that represents knowing
Invest in a stock market under the watchful eye
of a mentor because that is the gift of
Juan Domínguez He is a mentor He teaches you
it makes you feel that you can for that
trust in you and your commitment well
that I invite you to learn the course to
learn a new profession a
profession that you can exercise and that
you can master thanks